UNIT FILE                                   STATE   
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount           static  
dev-hugepages.mount                         static  
dev-mqueue.mount                            static  
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                          static  
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount               static  
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount               static  
sys-kernel-config.mount                     static  
sys-kernel-debug.mount                      static  
tmp.mount                                   [1;31mdisabled[0m
var-lib-nfs-rpc_pipefs.mount                static  
brandbot.path                               [1;31mdisabled[0m
systemd-ask-password-console.path           static  
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path          static  
systemd-ask-password-wall.path              static  
session-2.scope                             static  
abrt-ccpp.service                           [1;32menabled [0m
abrt-oops.service                           [1;32menabled [0m
abrt-pstoreoops.service                     [1;31mdisabled[0m
abrt-vmcore.service                         [1;32menabled [0m
abrt-xorg.service                           [1;32menabled [0m
abrtd.service                               [1;32menabled [0m
arp-ethers.service                          [1;31mdisabled[0m
atd.service                                 [1;32menabled [0m
auditd.service                              [1;32menabled [0m
auth-rpcgss-module.service                  static  
autofs.service                              [1;31mdisabled[0m
autovt@.service                             [1;31mdisabled[0m
blk-availability.service                    [1;31mdisabled[0m
brandbot.service                            static  
cgconfig.service                            [1;31mdisabled[0m
cgdcbxd.service                             [1;31mdisabled[0m
cgred.service                               [1;31mdisabled[0m
chrony-dnssrv@.service                      static  
chrony-wait.service                         [1;31mdisabled[0m
chronyd.service                             [1;32menabled [0m
console-getty.service                       [1;31mdisabled[0m
console-shell.service                       [1;31mdisabled[0m
container-getty@.service                    static  
cpupower.service                            [1;31mdisabled[0m
crond.service                               [1;32menabled [0m
dbus-org.fedoraproject.FirewallD1.service   [1;32menabled [0m
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service      static  
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service        static  
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service         static  
dbus-org.freedesktop.machine1.service       static  
dbus-org.freedesktop.network1.service       [1;31minvalid [0m
dbus-org.freedesktop.NetworkManager.service [1;32menabled [0m
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service  [1;32menabled [0m
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service      static  
dbus.service                                static  
debug-shell.service                         [1;31mdisabled[0m
dm-event.service                            [1;31mdisabled[0m
dmraid-activation.service                   [1;32menabled [0m
dnsmasq.service                             [1;31mdisabled[0m
dracut-cmdline.service                      static  
dracut-initqueue.service                    static  
dracut-mount.service                        static  
dracut-pre-mount.service                    static  
dracut-pre-pivot.service                    static  
dracut-pre-trigger.service                  static  
dracut-pre-udev.service                     static  
dracut-shutdown.service                     static  
ebtables.service                            [1;31mdisabled[0m
emergency.service                           static  
fcoe.service                                [1;31mdisabled[0m
firewalld.service                           [1;32menabled [0m
fprintd.service                             static  
fstrim.service                              static  
getty@.service                              [1;32menabled [0m
gssproxy.service                            [1;31mdisabled[0m
halt-local.service                          static  
htcacheclean.service                        static  
httpd.service                               [1;31mdisabled[0m
initrd-cleanup.service                      static  
initrd-parse-etc.service                    static  
initrd-switch-root.service                  static  
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service           static  
iprdump.service                             [1;31mdisabled[0m
iprinit.service                             [1;31mdisabled[0m
iprupdate.service                           [1;31mdisabled[0m
irqbalance.service                          [1;32menabled [0m
iscsi-shutdown.service                      static  
iscsi.service                               [1;32menabled [0m
iscsid.service                              [1;31mdisabled[0m
iscsiuio.service                            [1;31mdisabled[0m
kdump.service                               [1;32menabled [0m
kmod-static-nodes.service                   static  
ldconfig.service                            static  
libstoragemgmt.service                      [1;32menabled [0m
lldpad.service                              [1;31mdisabled[0m
lvm2-lvmetad.service                        [1;31mdisabled[0m
lvm2-lvmpolld.service                       [1;31mdisabled[0m
lvm2-monitor.service                        [1;32menabled [0m
lvm2-pvscan@.service                        static  
mdadm-grow-continue@.service                static  
mdadm-last-resort@.service                  static  
mdmon@.service                              static  
mdmonitor.service                           [1;32menabled [0m
messagebus.service                          static  
microcode.service                           [1;32menabled [0m
multipathd.service                          [1;32menabled [0m
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service           [1;32menabled [0m
NetworkManager-wait-online.service          [1;31mdisabled[0m
NetworkManager.service                      [1;32menabled [0m
nfs-blkmap.service                          [1;31mdisabled[0m
nfs-config.service                          static  
nfs-idmap.service                           static  
nfs-idmapd.service                          static  
nfs-lock.service                            static  
nfs-mountd.service                          static  
nfs-secure-server.service                   static  
nfs-secure.service                          static  
nfs-server.service                          [1;31mdisabled[0m
nfs-utils.service                           static  
nfs.service                                 [1;31mdisabled[0m
nfslock.service                             static  
ntpdate.service                             [1;31mdisabled[0m
plymouth-halt.service                       [1;31mdisabled[0m
plymouth-kexec.service                      [1;31mdisabled[0m
plymouth-poweroff.service                   [1;31mdisabled[0m
plymouth-quit-wait.service                  [1;31mdisabled[0m
plymouth-quit.service                       [1;31mdisabled[0m
plymouth-read-write.service                 [1;31mdisabled[0m
plymouth-reboot.service                     [1;31mdisabled[0m
plymouth-start.service                      [1;31mdisabled[0m
plymouth-switch-root.service                static  
pmcd.service                                [1;31mdisabled[0m
pmie.service                                [1;31mdisabled[0m
pmlogger.service                            [1;31mdisabled[0m
pmproxy.service                             [1;31mdisabled[0m
polkit.service                              static  
postfix.service                             [1;32menabled [0m
powertop.service                            [1;31mdisabled[0m
psacct.service                              [1;31mdisabled[0m
quotaon.service                             static  
rc-local.service                            static  
rdisc.service                               [1;31mdisabled[0m
rdma.service                                [1;31mdisabled[0m
rescue.service                              static  
rhel-autorelabel-mark.service               static  
rhel-autorelabel.service                    static  
rhel-configure.service                      static  
rhel-dmesg.service                          [1;31mdisabled[0m
rhel-domainname.service                     [1;31mdisabled[0m
rhel-import-state.service                   static  
rhel-loadmodules.service                    static  
rhel-readonly.service                       static  
rngd.service                                [1;32menabled [0m
rpc-gssd.service                            static  
rpc-statd-notify.service                    static  
rpc-statd.service                           static  
rpc-svcgssd.service                         static  
rpcbind.service                             static  
rpcgssd.service                             static  
rpcidmapd.service                           static  
rpcsvcgssd.service                          static  
rsyncd.service                              [1;31mdisabled[0m
rsyncd@.service                             static  
rsyslog.service                             [1;32menabled [0m
serial-getty@.service                       [1;31mdisabled[0m
smartd.service                              [1;32menabled [0m
sshd-keygen.service                         static  
sshd.service                                [1;32menabled [0m
sshd@.service                               static  
svnserve.service                            [1;31mdisabled[0m
sysstat.service                             [1;32menabled [0m
systemd-ask-password-console.service        static  
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service       static  
systemd-ask-password-wall.service           static  
systemd-backlight@.service                  static  
systemd-binfmt.service                      static  
systemd-bootchart.service                   [1;31mdisabled[0m
systemd-firstboot.service                   static  
systemd-fsck-root.service                   static  
systemd-fsck@.service                       static  
systemd-halt.service                        static  
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service           static  
systemd-hibernate.service                   static  
systemd-hostnamed.service                   static  
systemd-hwdb-update.service                 static  
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service                static  
systemd-initctl.service                     static  
systemd-journal-catalog-update.service      static  
systemd-journal-flush.service               static  
systemd-journald.service                    static  
systemd-kexec.service                       static  
systemd-localed.service                     static  
systemd-logind.service                      static  
systemd-machine-id-commit.service           static  
systemd-machined.service                    static  
systemd-modules-load.service                static  
systemd-nspawn@.service                     [1;31mdisabled[0m
systemd-poweroff.service                    static  
systemd-quotacheck.service                  static  
systemd-random-seed.service                 static  
systemd-readahead-collect.service           [1;32menabled [0m
systemd-readahead-done.service              static  
systemd-readahead-drop.service              [1;32menabled [0m
systemd-readahead-replay.service            [1;32menabled [0m
systemd-reboot.service                      static  
systemd-remount-fs.service                  static  
systemd-rfkill@.service                     static  
systemd-shutdownd.service                   static  
systemd-suspend.service                     static  
systemd-sysctl.service                      static  
systemd-timedated.service                   static  
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service              static  
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service          static  
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service              static  
systemd-udev-settle.service                 static  
systemd-udev-trigger.service                static  
systemd-udevd.service                       static  
systemd-update-done.service                 static  
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service        static  
systemd-update-utmp.service                 static  
systemd-user-sessions.service               static  
systemd-vconsole-setup.service              static  
target.service                              [1;31mdisabled[0m
tcsd.service                                [1;31mdisabled[0m
teamd@.service                              static  
tuned.service                               [1;32menabled [0m
wpa_supplicant.service                      [1;31mdisabled[0m
-.slice                                     static  
machine.slice                               static  
system.slice                                static  
user.slice                                  static  
dbus.socket                                 static  
dm-event.socket                             [1;32menabled [0m
iscsid.socket                               [1;32menabled [0m
iscsiuio.socket                             [1;32menabled [0m
lldpad.socket                               [1;31mdisabled[0m
lvm2-lvmetad.socket                         [1;32menabled [0m
lvm2-lvmpolld.socket                        [1;32menabled [0m
rpcbind.socket                              [1;32menabled [0m
rsyncd.socket                               [1;31mdisabled[0m
sshd.socket                                 [1;31mdisabled[0m
syslog.socket                               static  
systemd-initctl.socket                      static  
systemd-journald.socket                     static  
systemd-networkd.socket                     [1;31mdisabled[0m
systemd-shutdownd.socket                    static  
systemd-udevd-control.socket                static  
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                 static  
basic.target                                static  
bluetooth.target                            static  
cryptsetup-pre.target                       static  
cryptsetup.target                           static  
ctrl-alt-del.target                         [1;31mdisabled[0m
default.target                              [1;32menabled [0m
emergency.target                            static  
final.target                                static  
getty.target                                static  
graphical.target                            static  
halt.target                                 [1;31mdisabled[0m
hibernate.target                            static  
hybrid-sleep.target                         static  
initrd-fs.target                            static  
initrd-root-fs.target                       static  
initrd-switch-root.target                   static  
initrd.target                               static  
iprutils.target                             [1;31mdisabled[0m
kexec.target                                [1;31mdisabled[0m
local-fs-pre.target                         static  
local-fs.target                             static  
machines.target                             [1;31mdisabled[0m
multi-user.target                           [1;32menabled [0m
network-online.target                       static  
network-pre.target                          static  
network.target                              static  
nfs-client.target                           [1;32menabled [0m
nss-lookup.target                           static  
nss-user-lookup.target                      static  
paths.target                                static  
poweroff.target                             [1;31mdisabled[0m
printer.target                              static  
reboot.target                               [1;31mdisabled[0m
remote-fs-pre.target                        static  
remote-fs.target                            [1;32menabled [0m
rescue.target                               [1;31mdisabled[0m
rpcbind.target                              static  
runlevel0.target                            [1;31mdisabled[0m
runlevel1.target                            [1;31mdisabled[0m
runlevel2.target                            static  
runlevel3.target                            static  
runlevel4.target                            static  
runlevel5.target                            static  
runlevel6.target                            [1;31mdisabled[0m
shutdown.target                             static  
sigpwr.target                               static  
sleep.target                                static  
slices.target                               static  
smartcard.target                            static  
sockets.target                              static  
sound.target                                static  
suspend.target                              static  
swap.target                                 static  
sysinit.target                              static  
system-update.target                        static  
time-sync.target                            static  
timers.target                               static  
umount.target                               static  
chrony-dnssrv@.timer                        [1;31mdisabled[0m
fstrim.timer                                [1;31mdisabled[0m
mdadm-last-resort@.timer                    static  
systemd-readahead-done.timer                static  
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer                static  

306 unit files listed.

                   SSUUMMMMAARRYY OOFF LLEESSSS CCOOMMMMAANNDDSS

      Commands marked with * may be preceded by a number, _N.
      Notes in parentheses indicate the behavior if _N is given.
      A key preceded by a caret indicates the Ctrl key; thus ^K is ctrl-K.

  h  H                 Display this help.
  q  :q  Q  :Q  ZZ     Exit.
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

                           MMOOVVIINNGG

  e  ^E  j  ^N  CR  *  Forward  one line   (or _N lines).
  y  ^Y  k  ^K  ^P  *  Backward one line   (or _N lines).
  f  ^F  ^V  SPACE  *  Forward  one window (or _N lines).
  b  ^B  ESC-v      *  Backward one window (or _N lines).
  z                 *  Forward  one window (and set window to _N).
  w                 *  Backward one window (and set window to _N).
  ESC-SPACE         *  Forward  one window, but don't stop at end-of-file.
  d  ^D             *  Forward  one half-window (and set half-window to _N).
  u  ^U             *  Backward one half-window (and set half-window to _N).
  ESC-)  RightArrow *  Left  one half screen width (or _N positions).
  ESC-(  LeftArrow  *  Right one half screen width (or _N positions).
  F                    Forward forever; like "tail -f".
  r  ^R  ^L            Repaint screen.
  R                    Repaint screen, discarding buffered input.
        ---------------------------------------------------
        Default "window" is the screen height.
        Default "half-window" is half of the screen height.
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

                          SSEEAARRCCHHIINNGG

  /_p_a_t_t_e_r_n          *  Search forward for (_N-th) matching line.
  ?_p_a_t_t_e_r_n          *  Search backward for (_N-th) matching line.
  n                 *  Repeat previous search (for _N-th occurrence).
  N                 *  Repeat previous search in reverse direction.
  ESC-n             *  Repeat previous search, spanning files.
  ESC-N             *  Repeat previous search, reverse dir. & spanning files.
  ESC-u                Undo (toggle) search highlighting.
  &_p_a_t_t_e_r_n          *  Display only matching lines
        ---------------------------------------------------
        A search pattern may be preceded by one or more of:
        ^N or !  Search for NON-matching lines.
        ^E or *  Search multiple files (pass thru END OF FILE).
        ^F or @  Start search at FIRST file (for /) or last file (for ?).
        ^K       Highlight matches, but don't move (KEEP position).
        ^R       Don't use REGULAR EXPRESSIONS.
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

                           JJUUMMPPIINNGG

  g  <  ESC-<       *  Go to first line in file (or line _N).
  G  >  ESC->       *  Go to last line in file (or line _N).
  p  %              *  Go to beginning of file (or _N percent into file).
  t                 *  Go to the (_N-th) next tag.
  T                 *  Go to the (_N-th) previous tag.
  {  (  [           *  Find close bracket } ) ].
  }  )  ]           *  Find open bracket { ( [.
  ESC-^F _<_c_1_> _<_c_2_>  *  Find close bracket _<_c_2_>.
  ESC-^B _<_c_1_> _<_c_2_>  *  Find open bracket _<_c_1_> 
        ---------------------------------------------------
        Each "find close bracket" command goes forward to the close bracket 
          matching the (_N-th) open bracket in the top line.
        Each "find open bracket" command goes backward to the open bracket 
          matching the (_N-th) close bracket in the bottom line.

  m_<_l_e_t_t_e_r_>            Mark the current position with <letter>.
  '_<_l_e_t_t_e_r_>            Go to a previously marked position.
  ''                   Go to the previous position.
  ^X^X                 Same as '.
        ---------------------------------------------------
        A mark is any upper-case or lower-case letter.
        Certain marks are predefined:
             ^  means  beginning of the file
             $  means  end of the file
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

                        CCHHAANNGGIINNGG FFIILLEESS

  :e [_f_i_l_e]            Examine a new file.
  ^X^V                 Same as :e.
  :n                *  Examine the (_N-th) next file from the command line.
  :p                *  Examine the (_N-th) previous file from the command line.
  :x                *  Examine the first (or _N-th) file from the command line.
  :d                   Delete the current file from the command line list.
  =  ^G  :f            Print current file name.
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

                    MMIISSCCEELLLLAANNEEOOUUSS CCOOMMMMAANNDDSS

  -_<_f_l_a_g_>              Toggle a command line option [see OPTIONS below].
  --_<_n_a_m_e_>             Toggle a command line option, by name.
  __<_f_l_a_g_>              Display the setting of a command line option.
  ___<_n_a_m_e_>             Display the setting of an option, by name.
  +_c_m_d                 Execute the less cmd each time a new file is examined.

  !_c_o_m_m_a_n_d             Execute the shell command with $SHELL.
  |XX_c_o_m_m_a_n_d            Pipe file between current pos & mark XX to shell command.
  v                    Edit the current file with $VISUAL or $EDITOR.
  V                    Print version number of "less".
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

                           OOPPTTIIOONNSS

        Most options may be changed either on the command line,
        or from within less by using the - or -- command.
        Options may be given in one of two forms: either a single
        character preceded by a -, or a name preceded by --.

  -?  ........  --help
                  Display help (from command line).
  -a  ........  --search-skip-screen
                  Search skips current screen.
  -A  ........  --SEARCH-SKIP-SCREEN
                  Search starts just after target line.
  -b [_N]  ....  --buffers=[_N]
                  Number of buffers.
  -B  ........  --auto-buffers
                  Don't automatically allocate buffers for pipes.
  -c  -C  ....  --clear-screen --CLEAR-SCREEN
                  Repaint by clearing rather than scrolling.
  -d  ........  --dumb
                  Dumb terminal.
  -D [_x_n_._n]  .  --color=_x_n_._n
                  Set screen colors. (MS-DOS only)
  -e  -E  ....  --quit-at-eof  --QUIT-AT-EOF
                  Quit at end of file.
  -f  ........  --force
                  Force open non-regular files.
  -F  ........  --quit-if-one-screen
                  Quit if entire file fits on first screen.
  -g  ........  --hilite-search
                  Highlight only last match for searches.
  -G  ........  --HILITE-SEARCH
                  Don't highlight any matches for searches.
  --old-bot
                  Revert to the old bottom of screen behavior.
  -h [_N]  ....  --max-back-scroll=[_N]
                  Backward scroll limit.
  -i  ........  --ignore-case
                  Ignore case in searches that do not contain uppercase.
  -I  ........  --IGNORE-CASE
                  Ignore case in all searches.
  -j [_N]  ....  --jump-target=[_N]
                  Screen position of target lines.
  -J  ........  --status-column
                  Display a status column at left edge of screen.
  -k [_f_i_l_e]  .  --lesskey-file=[_f_i_l_e]
                  Use a lesskey file.
  -K            --quit-on-intr
                  Exit less in response to ctrl-C.
  -L  ........  --no-lessopen
                  Ignore the LESSOPEN environment variable.
  -m  -M  ....  --long-prompt  --LONG-PROMPT
                  Set prompt style.
  -n  ........  --line-numbers
                  Don't use line numbers.
  -N  ........  --LINE-NUMBERS
                  Use line numbers.
  -o [_f_i_l_e]  .  --log-file=[_f_i_l_e]
                  Copy to log file (standard input only).
  -O [_f_i_l_e]  .  --LOG-FILE=[_f_i_l_e]
                  Copy to log file (unconditionally overwrite).
  -p [_p_a_t_t_e_r_n]  --pattern=[_p_a_t_t_e_r_n]
                  Start at pattern (from command line).
  -P [_p_r_o_m_p_t]   --prompt=[_p_r_o_m_p_t]
                  Define new prompt.
  -q  -Q  ....  --quiet  --QUIET  --silent --SILENT
                  Quiet the terminal bell.
  -r  -R  ....  --raw-control-chars  --RAW-CONTROL-CHARS
                  Output "raw" control characters.
  -s  ........  --squeeze-blank-lines
                  Squeeze multiple blank lines.
  -S  ........  --chop-long-lines
                  Chop (truncate) long lines rather than wrapping.
  -t [_t_a_g]  ..  --tag=[_t_a_g]
                  Find a tag.
  -T [_t_a_g_s_f_i_l_e] --tag-file=[_t_a_g_s_f_i_l_e]
                  Use an alternate tags file.
  -u  -U  ....  --underline-special  --UNDERLINE-SPECIAL
                  Change handling of backspaces.
  -V  ........  --version
                  Display the version number of "less".
  -w  ........  --hilite-unread
                  Highlight first new line after forward-screen.
  -W  ........  --HILITE-UNREAD
                  Highlight first new line after any forward movement.
  -x [_N[,...]]  --tabs=[_N[,...]]
                  Set tab stops.
  -X  ........  --no-init
                  Don't use termcap init/deinit strings.
  -y [_N]  ....  --max-forw-scroll=[_N]
                  Forward scroll limit.
  -z [_N]  ....  --window=[_N]
                  Set size of window.
  -" [_c[_c]]  .  --quotes=[_c[_c]]
                  Set shell quote characters.
  -~  ........  --tilde
                  Don't display tildes after end of file.
  -# [_N]  ....  --shift=[_N]
                  Horizontal scroll amount (0 = one half screen width)
      ........  --no-keypad
                  Don't send termcap keypad init/deinit strings.
      ........  --follow-name
                  The F command changes files if the input file is renamed.
      ........  --use-backslash
                  Subsequent options use backslash as escape char.


 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

                          LLIINNEE EEDDIITTIINNGG

        These keys can be used to edit text being entered 
        on the "command line" at the bottom of the screen.

 RightArrow                       ESC-l     Move cursor right one character.
 LeftArrow                        ESC-h     Move cursor left one character.
 ctrl-RightArrow  ESC-RightArrow  ESC-w     Move cursor right one word.
 ctrl-LeftArrow   ESC-LeftArrow   ESC-b     Move cursor left one word.
 HOME                             ESC-0     Move cursor to start of line.
 END                              ESC-$     Move cursor to end of line.
 BACKSPACE                                  Delete char to left of cursor.
 DELETE                           ESC-x     Delete char under cursor.
 ctrl-BACKSPACE   ESC-BACKSPACE             Delete word to left of cursor.
 ctrl-DELETE      ESC-DELETE      ESC-X     Delete word under cursor.
 ctrl-U           ESC (MS-DOS only)         Delete entire line.
 UpArrow                          ESC-k     Retrieve previous command line.
 DownArrow                        ESC-j     Retrieve next command line.
 TAB                                        Complete filename & cycle.
 SHIFT-TAB                        ESC-TAB   Complete filename & reverse cycle.
 ctrl-L                                     Complete filename, list all.


