UNIT FILE                                   STATE   
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount           static  
dev-hugepages.mount                         static  
dev-mqueue.mount                            static  
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                          static  
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount               static  
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount               static  
sys-kernel-config.mount                     static  
sys-kernel-debug.mount                      static  
tmp.mount                                   [1;31mdisabled[0m
var-lib-nfs-rpc_pipefs.mount                static  
brandbot.path                               [1;31mdisabled[0m
systemd-ask-password-console.path           static  
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path          static  
systemd-ask-password-wall.path              static  
session-2.scope                             static  
abrt-ccpp.service                           [1;32menabled [0m
abrt-oops.service                           [1;32menabled [0m
abrt-pstoreoops.service                     [1;31mdisabled[0m
abrt-vmcore.service                         [1;32menabled [0m
abrt-xorg.service                           [1;32menabled [0m
abrtd.service                               [1;32menabled [0m
arp-ethers.service                          [1;31mdisabled[0m
atd.service                                 [1;32menabled [0m
auditd.service                              [1;32menabled [0m
auth-rpcgss-module.service                  static  
autofs.service                              [1;31mdisabled[0m
autovt@.service                             [1;31mdisabled[0m
blk-availability.service                    [1;31mdisabled[0m
brandbot.service                            static  
cgconfig.service                            [1;31mdisabled[0m
cgdcbxd.service                             [1;31mdisabled[0m
cgred.service                               [1;31mdisabled[0m
chrony-dnssrv@.service                      static  
chrony-wait.service                         [1;31mdisabled[0m
chronyd.service                             [1;32menabled [0m
console-getty.service                       [1;31mdisabled[0m
console-shell.service                       [1;31mdisabled[0m
container-getty@.service                    static  
cpupower.service                            [1;31mdisabled[0m
crond.service                               [1;32menabled [0m
dbus-org.fedoraproject.FirewallD1.service   [1;32menabled [0m
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service      static  
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service        static  
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service         static  
dbus-org.freedesktop.machine1.service       static  
dbus-org.freedesktop.network1.service       [1;31minvalid [0m
dbus-org.freedesktop.NetworkManager.service [1;32menabled [0m
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service  [1;32menabled [0m
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service      static  
dbus.service                                static  
debug-shell.service                         [1;31mdisabled[0m
dm-event.service                            [1;31mdisabled[0m
dmraid-activation.service                   [1;32menabled [0m
dnsmasq.service                             [1;31mdisabled[0m
dracut-cmdline.service                      static  
dracut-initqueue.service                    static  
dracut-mount.service                        static  
dracut-pre-mount.service                    static  
dracut-pre-pivot.service                    static  
dracut-pre-trigger.service                  static  
dracut-pre-udev.service                     static  
dracut-shutdown.service                     static  
ebtables.service                            [1;31mdisabled[0m
emergency.service                           static  
fcoe.service                                [1;31mdisabled[0m
firewalld.service                           [1;32menabled [0m
fprintd.service                             static  
fstrim.service                              static  
getty@.service                              [1;32menabled [0m
gssproxy.service                            [1;31mdisabled[0m
halt-local.service                          static  
htcacheclean.service                        static  
httpd.service                               [1;31mdisabled[0m
initrd-cleanup.service                      static  
initrd-parse-etc.service                    static  
initrd-switch-root.service                  static  
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service           static  
iprdump.service                             [1;31mdisabled[0m
iprinit.service                             [1;31mdisabled[0m
iprupdate.service                           [1;31mdisabled[0m
irqbalance.service                          [1;32menabled [0m
iscsi-shutdown.service                      static  
iscsi.service                               [1;32menabled [0m
iscsid.service                              [1;31mdisabled[0m
iscsiuio.service                            [1;31mdisabled[0m
kdump.service                               [1;32menabled [0m
kmod-static-nodes.service                   static  
ldconfig.service                            static  
libstoragemgmt.service                      [1;32menabled [0m
lldpad.service                              [1;31mdisabled[0m
lvm2-lvmetad.service                        [1;31mdisabled[0m
lvm2-lvmpolld.service                       [1;31mdisabled[0m
lvm2-monitor.service                        [1;32menabled [0m
lvm2-pvscan@.service                        static  
mdadm-grow-continue@.service                static  
mdadm-last-resort@.service                  static  
mdmon@.service                              static  
mdmonitor.service                           [1;32menabled [0m
messagebus.service                          static  
microcode.service                           [1;32menabled [0m
multipathd.service                          [1;32menabled [0m
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service           [1;32menabled [0m
NetworkManager-wait-online.service          [1;31mdisabled[0m
NetworkManager.service                      [1;32menabled [0m
nfs-blkmap.service                          [1;31mdisabled[0m
nfs-config.service                          static  
nfs-idmap.service                           static  
nfs-idmapd.service                          static  
nfs-lock.service                            static  
nfs-mountd.service                          static  
nfs-secure-server.service                   static  
nfs-secure.service                          static  
nfs-server.service                          [1;31mdisabled[0m
nfs-utils.service                           static  
nfs.service                                 [1;31mdisabled[0m
nfslock.service                             static  
ntpdate.service                             [1;31mdisabled[0m
plymouth-halt.service                       [1;31mdisabled[0m
plymouth-kexec.service                      [1;31mdisabled[0m
plymouth-poweroff.service                   [1;31mdisabled[0m
plymouth-quit-wait.service                  [1;31mdisabled[0m
plymouth-quit.service                       [1;31mdisabled[0m
plymouth-read-write.service                 [1;31mdisabled[0m
plymouth-reboot.service                     [1;31mdisabled[0m
plymouth-start.service                      [1;31mdisabled[0m
plymouth-switch-root.service                static  
pmcd.service                                [1;31mdisabled[0m
pmie.service                                [1;31mdisabled[0m
pmlogger.service                            [1;31mdisabled[0m
pmproxy.service                             [1;31mdisabled[0m
polkit.service                              static  
postfix.service                             [1;32menabled [0m
powertop.service                            [1;31mdisabled[0m
psacct.service                              [1;31mdisabled[0m
quotaon.service                             static  
rc-local.service                            static  
rdisc.service                               [1;31mdisabled[0m
rdma.service                                [1;31mdisabled[0m
rescue.service                              static  
rhel-autorelabel-mark.service               static  
rhel-autorelabel.service                    static  
rhel-configure.service                      static  
rhel-dmesg.service                          [1;31mdisabled[0m
rhel-domainname.service                     [1;31mdisabled[0m
rhel-import-state.service                   static  
rhel-loadmodules.service                    static  
rhel-readonly.service                       static  
rngd.service                                [1;32menabled [0m
rpc-gssd.service                            static  
rpc-statd-notify.service                    static  
rpc-statd.service                           static  
rpc-svcgssd.service                         static  
rpcbind.service                             static  
rpcgssd.service                             static  
rpcidmapd.service                           static  
rpcsvcgssd.service                          static  
rsyncd.service                              [1;31mdisabled[0m
rsyncd@.service                             static  
rsyslog.service                             [1;32menabled [0m
serial-getty@.service                       [1;31mdisabled[0m
smartd.service                              [1;32menabled [0m
sshd-keygen.service                         static  
sshd.service                                [1;32menabled [0m
sshd@.service                               static  
svnserve.service                            [1;31mdisabled[0m
sysstat.service                             [1;32menabled [0m
systemd-ask-password-console.service        static  
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service       static  
systemd-ask-password-wall.service           static  
systemd-backlight@.service                  static  
systemd-binfmt.service                      static  
systemd-bootchart.service                   [1;31mdisabled[0m
systemd-firstboot.service                   static  
systemd-fsck-root.service                   static  
systemd-fsck@.service                       static  
systemd-halt.service                        static  
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service           static  
systemd-hibernate.service                   static  
systemd-hostnamed.service                   static  
systemd-hwdb-update.service                 static  
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service                static  
systemd-initctl.service                     static  
systemd-journal-catalog-update.service      static  
systemd-journal-flush.service               static  
systemd-journald.service                    static  
systemd-kexec.service                       static  
systemd-localed.service                     static  
systemd-logind.service                      static  
systemd-machine-id-commit.service           static  
systemd-machined.service                    static  
systemd-modules-load.service                static  
systemd-nspawn@.service                     [1;31mdisabled[0m
systemd-poweroff.service                    static  
systemd-quotacheck.service                  static  
systemd-random-seed.service                 static  
systemd-readahead-collect.service           [1;32menabled [0m
systemd-readahead-done.service              static  
systemd-readahead-drop.service              [1;32menabled [0m
systemd-readahead-replay.service            [1;32menabled [0m
systemd-reboot.service                      static  
systemd-remount-fs.service                  static  
systemd-rfkill@.service                     static  
systemd-shutdownd.service                   static  
systemd-suspend.service                     static  
systemd-sysctl.service                      static  
systemd-timedated.service                   static  
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service              static  
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service          static  
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service              static  
systemd-udev-settle.service                 static  
systemd-udev-trigger.service                static  
systemd-udevd.service                       static  
systemd-update-done.service                 static  
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service        static  
systemd-update-utmp.service                 static  
systemd-user-sessions.service               static  
systemd-vconsole-setup.service              static  
target.service                              [1;31mdisabled[0m
tcsd.service                                [1;31mdisabled[0m
teamd@.service                              static  
tuned.service                               [1;32menabled [0m
wpa_supplicant.service                      [1;31mdisabled[0m
-.slice                                     static  
machine.slice                               static  
system.slice                                static  
user.slice                                  static  
dbus.socket                                 static  
dm-event.socket                             [1;32menabled [0m
iscsid.socket                               [1;32menabled [0m
iscsiuio.socket                             [1;32menabled [0m
lldpad.socket                               [1;31mdisabled[0m
lvm2-lvmetad.socket                         [1;32menabled [0m
lvm2-lvmpolld.socket                        [1;32menabled [0m
rpcbind.socket                              [1;32menabled [0m
rsyncd.socket                               [1;31mdisabled[0m
sshd.socket                                 [1;31mdisabled[0m
syslog.socket                               static  
systemd-initctl.socket                      static  
systemd-journald.socket                     static  
systemd-networkd.socket                     [1;31mdisabled[0m
systemd-shutdownd.socket                    static  
systemd-udevd-control.socket                static  
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                 static  
basic.target                                static  
bluetooth.target                            static  
cryptsetup-pre.target                       static  
cryptsetup.target                           static  
ctrl-alt-del.target                         [1;31mdisabled[0m
default.target                              [1;32menabled [0m
emergency.target                            static  
final.target                                static  
getty.target                                static  
graphical.target                            static  
halt.target                                 [1;31mdisabled[0m
hibernate.target                            static  
hybrid-sleep.target                         static  
initrd-fs.target                            static  
initrd-root-fs.target                       static  
initrd-switch-root.target                   static  
initrd.target                               static  
iprutils.target                             [1;31mdisabled[0m
kexec.target                                [1;31mdisabled[0m
local-fs-pre.target                         static  
local-fs.target                             static  
machines.target                             [1;31mdisabled[0m
multi-user.target                           [1;32menabled [0m
network-online.target                       static  
network-pre.target                          static  
network.target                              static  
nfs-client.target                           [1;32menabled [0m
nss-lookup.target                           static  
nss-user-lookup.target                      static  
paths.target                                static  
poweroff.target                             [1;31mdisabled[0m
printer.target                              static  
reboot.target                               [1;31mdisabled[0m
remote-fs-pre.target                        static  
remote-fs.target                            [1;32menabled [0m
rescue.target                               [1;31mdisabled[0m
rpcbind.target                              static  
runlevel0.target                            [1;31mdisabled[0m
runlevel1.target                            [1;31mdisabled[0m
runlevel2.target                            static  
runlevel3.target                            static  
runlevel4.target                            static  
runlevel5.target                            static  
runlevel6.target                            [1;31mdisabled[0m
shutdown.target                             static  
sigpwr.target                               static  
sleep.target                                static  
slices.target                               static  
smartcard.target                            static  
sockets.target                              static  
sound.target                                static  
suspend.target                              static  
swap.target                                 static  
sysinit.target                              static  
system-update.target                        static  
time-sync.target                            static  
timers.target                               static  
umount.target                               static  
chrony-dnssrv@.timer                        [1;31mdisabled[0m
fstrim.timer                                [1;31mdisabled[0m
mdadm-last-resort@.timer                    static  
systemd-readahead-done.timer                static  
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer                static  

306 unit files listed.
